Meet in the middle algorithm (#1566)
google/keytransparency: docs/design_new.md

## Client Verification

Key Transparency clients store:
1. The root of the log of map roots. This ensures that the client is using the
   same snapshots as the rest of the world.
1. The root of every (proven consistent) mini log they have queried. This
   ensures that snapshots represent append-only representations of the world.

When querying, Key Transparency clients ask for proof that the current snapshot
and value are consistent with previous values that the client has observed.

## Efficiency Innovations

Generating append-only proofs for large sparse Merkle trees is not efficient.
An append-only proof between two snapshots containing `M` changes per snapshot
in a map of size `N` over `T` snapshots contains roughly `O(T * M log N)`
hashes.
1. Instead of verifying that the entire map is an append-only operation from
   previous values, we isolate the work of verification to individual
   sub-trees. `O(T * 1 log N)`
1. Rather than verifying every single snapshot, we only verify the snapshots
   that the sender and receiver used. `O(1 * 1 log N)`
1. But the snapshots that the sender and receiver used are unknown, so we use a

>    [meet-in-the-middle algorithm](meet-in-the-middle.md) to sample log
>    T of them. `O(log T * log N)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [meet-in-the-middle algorithm](meet-in-the-middle.md) to sample O(log T)
   revisions in such a way that they intersect. `O(log T * log N)`
```

Author: ooh, nicely worded :-)
